Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Ooh!
Ho! Ho! Ooh.
[laughing]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[classical music playing
[Beep Beep vocalizing
to the classical music]
[classical music continues]
[continues vocalizing
to classical music]
Good morning. Your Highness!
Ding-dong. ding-dong.
Rise and shine!
Let's seize the day.
It's governing time--
[shouts] Oh. no!
[dramatic music playing]
The queen. She's g-g-g...
[shouts] Gone!
[groans]
[upbeat music playing]
[Tweety hums cheerfully]
Hmm?
I tawt I taw a puddy tat.
I did. I did taw a puddy tat!
But where did
that puddy tat go?
[Tweety yells]
[Tweety laughing]
[squeak]
Ow!
Hmm?
[clicks]
[fish singing]
♪ Fishtown ladies
sing this song ♪
♪ Doo-dah. doo-dah ♪
[singing]
♪ All the doo-dah day ♪
Waah!
[gasps]
[laughing]
High-ho. Floorbo. away!
[yells]
[groans]
Floorbo! Ramming speed!
♪ Meow. meow
Meow. meow. meow
Treats for cats ♪
-[song continues
in the background]
-Hey! My jams!
[song continues playing]
♪ Kitties love our treats
They're where it's at ♪
[music stops]
[Granny] Boys!
How many times do I have to
tell you two to stop fighting?
Puddy Tat started it.
Sylvester!
Bad kitty!
Boop.
He turned me
into a fruit salad.
Why can't you be nice
to your brother?
Your family!
[scoffs] Some family.
My life was very much
significantly better
when I was an only child.
[upbeat music playing]
[jangling]
[snoring]
[meowing]
But then Tweety had to show up
and ruin everything.
Hello!
Ugh!
Maybe you two are
antagonizing each other
since we've been cooped
up in the house for so long.
[sighs] It has been
a long time
since we've all
had an adventure.
If only some sort of
fantastic and exciting incident
would come along.
and add some excitement
to our dreary little lives.
[all sigh]
[TV] Pew. pew. pew.
Breaking News.
Queen watch.
[mimics music]
A nation in crisis.
The Queen of the Canary Islands
is missing!
[mimics dramatic music]
Ooh!
Intriguing.
Good afternoon.
I'm Melanie Blank.
Local police have been
searching high and low
for Queen Aoogah.
who disappeared from
her palace bedroom under...
[in a spooky voice]
mysterious circumstances.
Aoogah. beloved by both
her citizens as well as
the international community.
has been nowhere to be found
for the last three weeks.
Oh! Tweety!
She looks just like you!
We now return to John Foray
live on the island.
What's the mood
over there. John?
[all weeping]
Bad. Melanie.
Everyone here
is super-duper sad.
[weeping]
It's really bumming me out.
to be honest.
So I opened the door
and the Queen
was missing!
I was so distraught that
I fainted and bumped my head.
And then. I fell forward
and bumped my head again!
Then I toppled all the way
down the stairs...
[moans in pain]
...and my pants fell down.
But all this physical pain
I'm feeling is nothing
in comparison to the emotional
anguish of knowing that
Queen Aoogah is gone!
[crying]
Canary Islands authorities
are frantically searching
for the next canary
in line to the throne.
Members of the royal bloodline
can be identified by their
tiny. delicate bodies...
petite. rounded beaks
adapted for eating
small fruits and seeds...
[eating sounds]
...and their special
tail feathers.
rumored to possess mysterious.
magical properties.
identifiable by
their distinctive
marking pattern
resembling US President
and humanitarian. Jimmy Carter.
-[gasps]
-Mr. President!
If you think you
or someone you know
may be a member
of the royal family.
officials urge you
to call their hotline at...
[reading]
Ooh! I got to call in.
555-01-Hey-I-think-I-might-
be-a-long-lost-member-of-the-
Canary-royal-family-
so-I'm-giving-you-
a-call... Whoops!
Hit the wrong number.
I'll try again.
555-01--
Give me that!
Hello?
[crashing]
Bark! Is someone here
a long-lost member
of the royal family?
Well. that was fast.
Hey! That's me!
[gasps] A king!
My liege.
The name's Harold.
I've been sent here
to bring you
to your new palace.
[gasps]
There you'll experience
lavish. gourmet meals...
[chomping]
...untold riches...
[coins jingling]
Ooh!
...and a dedicated royal staff.
equipped to tend
to your every need.
Wow! What a dream
come true!
Wow! All that great stuff
is for us?
Palace life. here I come.
Oh. Not for you. Mr. Kitty.
I'm sorry.
but absolutely no cats
are allowed on the island.
What? So Tweety gets all this
fancy stuff. but not me?
Afraid not. sir.
But. sir. Sylvester is part
of our family.
We don't want
to go without him.
Yeah.
That's the rules.
I can't do anything about it.
Now. come on.
Your solid gold airplane
is awaiting!
Well. we tried our best.
Sorry. Sylvester.
You'll just have to hold down
the fort here 'cause...
-[Granny] I'm going on
a vacation!
-[Tweety] I'm gonna be king!
Aww. sufferin' succotash.
[upbeat music playing]
[jazz music playing]
Canary Islands. here we come!
Ooh! I'm so excited!
What are you looking forward
to doing on the island. Granny?
Well. Tweety. My favorite part
about going on vacation
is you get to do all sorts
of things you don't usually
do at home.
You get to see
new. exotic sights.
Try new. exotic foods.
-And engage in all sorts of
new. exotic activities.
-[camel grunting ]
Incredible.
After all this time cooped up.
I am itching to bust out
of my shell
and become Vacation Granny.
Hmm.
I wonder what sort of person
I'll become. now that
I'm the king and all.
Oh. I'm sure you'll do
a great job. Tweety.
You're such
a sweet little bird.
Everyone will love you.
I know.
I'm a cutie little patootie.
Welcome "a-bird."
Your Highness.
Here's your complimentary bag
of "me-nuts."
Wow! It's me!
In nut form!
Being king is the greatest.
I feel bad that Puddy Tat
couldn't come. though.
I wish he was here with us.
Me too. Tweety. Me too.
Success!
Infiltration complete.
It'll be a chilly day in heck
before I let those guys
go on a fancy island vacation
without me.
Plus. there will be so many
delicious birds to eat.
Now. let me get myself situated
for this luxury flight.
♪ Meow. meow
Meow. meow. meow
Treats for cats ♪
I'll just take a cat nap then.
[yells]
[straining]
[groaning]
[yells] Flight snakes!
[yells]
Oh. no! Bees!
[groans]
[yells] Snake bees!
[yells]
-Whoa!
-[snakes hissing]
Whoa.
[gasps]
Um... good afternoon?
Toilet gremlin!
[flushing]
[Sylvester screams and gasps]
[pilot over PA]
Good afternoon. passengers.
We're about to hit
a little itty-bitty turbulence.
Nothing to worry about
as long as
you're inside the plane.
-[both laughing]
-Good one.
[moaning and groaning in pain]
[grunting]
Oh?
[thunderclap]
[exclaiming]
Phew.
[exclaiming in pain]
[both] Ahhh...
[sighing]
[screaming] Somebody help!
I'm stuck outside!
[screaming]
Mother...
[snakes hiss]
[Sylvester] Oh. no!
[screams]
-[fighting sounds]
-My eyes!
[people cheering]
-[man] It's him.
It's really him!
-[woman] Hello. Your Highness!
-[crowd cheers]
-Hello. Your Majesty!
I can't believe my eyes!
[man 2]
Oh! He's so beautiful!
I'm used to getting attention.
but this is really
something else.
Bark! Bark! Bienvenido
and good greetings.
Your Highness.
Allow me to welcome you
to the Canary Islands.
Hello. puppy!
Pleasure to make
your acquaintance.
The pleasure is all mine.
fair King.
I am Diego Von Schniffenstein.
court magician.
Advisor to the royal
Canary family.
Whoa!
Wow-ee!
How unbelievably fortunate that
we found another heir
to the royal throne.
What are the odds?
Ooh!
The family resemblance
is uncanny.
My number-one duty is to assist
His Highness in his transition
to power.
Anything you could
possibly need. I'm your dog.
May I ask?
Did His Highness travel
to the islands
all by his lonesome?
[romantic music plays]
Oh! [laughs]
Oh!
[gasps] Dios mio!
Be still.
my rapidly-beating heart.
Your Highness. who is
this vision in resort wear?
Oh! This is my granny.
My. my.
When did this become
a beautiful world?
I'm Diego Von Schniffenstein.
and your greatest wish is
my command. Miss Granny.
Oh! Thank you. doggy.
So adorable.
[laughs] Okay!
[squeaking]
Cat! Izza! Green Bean! Get him!
Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark!
Bark. bark. Bark!
Stop! That's my brother!
Your Highness. there's no cats
allowed on the island.
It's the law.
He'd eat all the birds.
Well. I'm king and I say
you're not allowed
to hit Puddy Tat.
He's my family.
Hmm.
Fine with me.
as long as he behaves himself.
[strains] Magic!
Izza! Green Bean!
Ball!
Ball! Ball! Ball! Ball!
Where did you say
the leak was again. ma'am?
Sylvester! Did you sneak
onto the airplane
so that Tweety and I
wouldn't be all alone on our
luxury vacation?
[hesitates] Yeah.
That's it.
Hooray!
Oh! Our royal limousine
is here.
Hop aboard. courtiers.
and I shall take you
on a scenic tour
to the palace.
-[chirping]
-Huh?
[chirping]
Ooh! A fun vacation activity!
This is exactly
what I was hoping for.
I'll meet up
with you two later.
Granny's gonna do
some scootering. [laughs]
[laughs]
-[tires screech]
-[Granny screams]
Bye. boys! Have fun!
-[engine revs]
-[Granny laughs]
Poetry in motion.
Now. let us away!
Wait! We still have
one more person!
[beeps]
Really?
Floorbo got a seat
on the plane but not me?
We're all here.
Let's weiner.
Hip! Hip!
My Liege. everyone is
so excited you're here.
We've never had a monarch
from so far away.
[All] Ooh!
-Ooh.
Ooh.
[birds chirping]
Make way for the King!
Magic! Magic!
Wow!
I feel like a real celebrity.
[cheers and applause]
[shudders]
Huh?
[birds chirping]
[sizzling]
Hey! Sylvester. my lad!
The citizens aren't food.
remember?
[hesitates] Uh-huh.
You know. everyone on
the island was so sad when
Queen Aoogah disappeared.
But now that you're here.
Your Highness.
everyone's back to their normal
cheery selves.
You've really
reinvigorated the place.
-Oh! Looks like a traffic jam.
-[horns tooting]
What's going on up there?
[dogs barking]
[horn tooting]
You know. for a place called
the Canary Islands.
there sure are
a lot of dogs here.
What's that all about?
Fun little titbit actually.
In Spanish. this kingdom
is called the Islas Canarias.
derived from the Latin name.
Canareae Insulae.
meaning.
"the Island of the Dogs."
So we both live here.
So. how does a canary
and a feline meow-meow
kitty cat
become brothers?
The puddy tat and I live
in a brownstone in New York.
Ever since I was born. he's
been right here by my side.
protecting me
and keeping me safe.
I really couldn't ask for
a better big brother.
[chomps]
[hesitates] Yeah. what he said.
How touching.
Oh! And we're moving again.
Hip! Hip!
Say. speaking of family.
tell me about
the lovely Miss Granny.
Such as. is she seeing anyone?
What are her
likes and dislikes?
Does she perhaps fancy men
with severe underbites?
Uh...
-[horn toots]
-Oh!
We've arrived.
[All] Hurray!
Our new King is here.
Whee! [laughs]
-[all] Cat!
-[scuffling]
Stop it. Now! Stand!
[barking]
Fahrvergnugen!
Sorry. amigo . Residents here
are just not used to
seeing a cat.
Now. come on. Your Highness.
Let me show you to your
new home.
Boy. oh. boy!
My new home!
The escapades of
the Royal Canaries
are storied and vast.
This here
is General Chirp Bird.
an unbeatable
martial tactician.
They fought back an army
of dog invaders 100 times
their own size and prevailed!
Whoo! Historical.
The good King Peep Bird.
A man of science.
He ushered the kingdom into
an era of unmatched scientific
progress and prosperity
when he discovered
baking soda.
Wow!
Prince Regent Larry Bird.
who found great success in
your American sport
of "baskets ball."
Bird-tastic!
I heard he had
solid fundamentals.
but his defense was
lackluster at best.
Huh. Weird.
And this lavender lady
is Queen Honk.
She was a famous daredevil
and explorer.
She personally cartographed
some of the islands'
most treacherous biomes.
A-ha!
She was also the mother of
our most recent ruler.
Queen Aoogah.
She did so much
for our fine people.
Island-wide ice cream socials.
Bi-weekly variety
theatre productions
for the children.
High-octane street races
for charity.
And I also understand that
she was an accomplished
contact juggler.
She truly was the glue
that held our island together.
But enough about all that.
Someday you'll have a portrait
of your very own.
Wow! I can't wait!
I bet you can't.
You know. it's awfully bizarre
that the previous queen
disappeared from this
heavily-guarded castle
without any clues.
Or leads.
We should really find out
what happened to her.
Would you like to
see your royal bedroom?
Yes!
This. Your Highness.
is your room!
[soft music playing]
[both gasp]
[both] Ooh!
This whole fancy room
is for little old me?
It sure is.
Only the best for His Highness.
This bed is for me?
Yes.
These clothes
are for me?
They are.
This pillar is for me?
I mean. it's purely structural.
But. yeah!
This bird bath is for me?
Everything here is for you.
This regular bath is for me?
Yes. both.
This bird bath is for me?
You already asked
about the bird bath.
These flowers are for me?
[annoyed] Yes.
This plush carpet is for me?
[grunts in annoyance]
This bird bath is for me?
[shouting] Stop asking
about the bird bath!
[sighs in exasperation]
All of the stuff in
the whole castle is yours
That's how being king works.
Wow!
Now this is the life.
I could get used to this.
As you should.
As long as His Majesty. Tweety.
is in charge.
all this decadence
is yours to enjoy.
For real?
Of course. You're family.
You hear that. bird?
Maybe you're actually good
for something. for once.
I love you too. Puddy Tat.
Speaking of being king.
My Liege.
your Royal King Day Coronation
Ball is tonight.
You need to get ready!
[gasps] A royal ball! Oh. boy!
I got to look my best
for all my constituents.
Let's montage!
[dramatic upbeat music playing]
[bird chirps]
[upbeat string music playing]
[clears throat]
[mimics fanfare]
Bark!
Bird ladies. gentle dogs.
non-birdnaries. and all other
lovelies in attendance.
I present to you
our new leader.
King Tweety.
first of his name!
[door slams open]
Hello!
[cheers and applause]
The King is here. The King!
The King is here!
♪ There he is
The most beautiful king
in the world. yeah! ♪
Hello.
Hello!
Wow! Everybody loves me.
And the King's feline brother.
Cat man!
[total silence. wind blows]
Hmm?
Uh. it's Sylvester.
Vest something!
[silence]
[scattered applause]
And Granny! His Highness'
Queen Mother.
Or Queen Grandmother?
It's unclear.
I don't really know!
[engine revving]
[laughs]
[gasps]
And Floorbo is here.
-[all cheering]
-[whoops] Yeah. baby!
Scoot. scoot. scoot!
Wow! I can't believe all this
pomp and circumstance
is for me!
Hey! Dude! Stop.
This is all so much fancier
than my old home in New York.
That's how it is when
you are king.
my baby-headed chum.
Every day is a party.
You even get your
very own court doofus.
Jinglemeister.
do some of your
insipid clown nonsense
for the King.
[Tweety laughs]
Genius!
This keeps getting
better and better!
-Puddy Tat! Isn't this amazing!
-Hmm?
-[bird squawks]
-Huh?
I want you to know
I'm really glad you're
able to be here with me
on my coronation day.
Are you kidding me?
There's no way I was gonna
miss out on all this
castle fanciness.
I've got servants waiting on me
paw on paw.
And thanks for helping me
figure out my royal duds
for this evening.
I really like playing dress-up
with you.
Yeah. I... I suppose
we did have a nice time.
And we had so much fun
picking out my outfit.
I didn't want you
to feel left out.
so I made you this.
Huh?
Oh. Wow.
Uh. thanks. Tweety.
That's actually really sweet.
You are my brother. after all.
If I'm a king.
then that makes you
like a Dutch or a Duchess
or something.
I will treasure it forever.
[Granny] Wow.
Hey. disc jockeys!
It's a party.
Play us a tune
we can all dance to.
-[dog] Ahhh!
-[crashing]
[pop song begins]
[singing] ♪ I'm sitting pretty
in my crown on the throne ♪
♪ Guess I'm a royal now
Who would've known? ♪
♪ I can't believe
all of this stuff's for me ♪
♪ Check out your fancy little
new bird king ♪
♪ When our queen went missing
we were so so. sad ♪
-♪ So sad! ♪
-♪ But now
His Highness is here♪
-♪ And that makes us so glad ♪
-♪ So glad! ♪
♪ Sail through the clouds
to end all our gloom ♪
♪ You brought the sunshine
That made us bloom ♪
♪ Boop-boop-shu-bop
What a great day ♪
♪ I'm really loving this
grand soiree ♪
♪ I'm the king
Let's shout hurray ♪
♪ It looks like
everything's going ♪
♪ My way ♪
♪ I have to admit
maybe Tweety's all right ♪
♪ This castle set up here
is too dynamite ♪
♪ Hors d'oeuvres
Fine clothes
Cushions of gold ♪
♪ I sure love living
in my brand new home ♪
♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ I'm splendid. refined ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna leave
New York behind ♪
♪ So many things to do
And birds to eat♪
♪ Don't forget the rules ♪
[chuckles] ♪ I'll be discreet ♪
♪ Boop-boop-shu-bop
I really got to say ♪
♪ Life is a tasty
bird-flavored buffet ♪
♪ I'm on a permanent holiday ♪
♪ And for once
everything is going ♪
♪ My way ♪
[crashes]
♪ Puddy and me
We're like birds of a feather♪
♪ And now we get to be♪
[both] ♪ Royals together♪
♪ Tweety. my pal ♪
♪ I won't lead you astray ♪
♪ 'Cause it looks like ♪
[Tweety] ♪ It looks like ♪
[both] ♪ Everything is going
our way ♪
[song ends]
Hey. that was pretty cool.
Crazy. huh?
We didn't choreograph
any of that ahead of time.
[bird chirps]
Oh! Can't believe
this yellow dingus
appeared out of nowhere
to snatch the throne.
I thought when I got rid
of Aoogah. the kingdom
would be mine.
Free and clear.
Hmm?
Yeah. Who does this Tweety
character think he is?
We'll just have to make sure
this new king has
an "accident" as well.
[gasps]
I planned
a series of royal outings
for the King tomorrow.
He won't survive the day.
Ha-ha!
Oh. no!
If anything happens to Tweety.
I'll have to kiss my luxurious
castle life goodbye.
Hu-ha-cha.
Tweety! Diego's a bad guy.
He wants to take you out
so he can steal the throne.
Who? Puppy?
Nah. he's our buddy.
[laughs maliciously. gasps]
Bu...bu... bu... bu...
Yeah. Sylvester.
That little cutie
couldn't harm anybody.
He's a good boy.
No. he's a bad boy.
You gotta believe me.
Lighten up and have some fun.
Puddy Tat.
-Let's conga!
-What?
No. Tweety. we need to get you
someplace safe.
[Sylvester] Whoa! Wait. Tweety!
[rooster crowing]
Oh. but I don't wanna go
to kindergarten.
[Tweety] All right. puppy.
What are my royal tasks
for the day?
We have a whole plethora
of fun outings planned
for you today. my liege.
First up we have...
Appeasing the local wildlife.
Ah yes. Mount Birdmanjaro.
-the highest peak
across all the Canary Islands.
-[Granny] Oh. no!
Home to the ancient
and noble Chiff Chaff.
On top of her volcanic perch.
she has watched over the island
and its peoples for centuries.
[grunts] Magic!
[panting]
Every Canary Island
king and queen
must earn her blessing.
[eagle screeches]
Ooh. How do I do that?
Simple. You do
the ceremonial blessing dance
in the ceremonial
blessing outfit.
But I don't have
a ceremonial blessing outfit.
Magic.
Whoo!
Here I come.
big old Chiff Chaff.
-[ceremonial music playing]
-[Tweety humming]
[chuckles maliciously]
Very good. King Tweety.
The Chiff Chaff is
most pleased.
[Tweety humming]
[vocalizes dance music]
[laughs maliciously]
[Sylvester pants. sighs]
What's all the ruckus?
Huh?
[Tweety vocalizing]
Tweety!
[Sylvester panting]
-[Sylvester] Ahhh!
-[Tweety vocalizing]
[Sylvester screaming]
[screams]
Ha-ha. we're safe!
Whoa! Lava!
[huffs]
[screams]
Ahhh! My butt!
[vocalizing]
[grunts]
[Sylvester groans. huffs]
[bird screeches]
Watch out. Granny!
Oh. those two.
Always in such a hurry.
Whoopsie!
-[Tweety chittering]
-[Sylvester huffing]
Ahhh!
[Sylvester] Oh!
Ah. Cha-cha-cha.
[growling]
[Diego] Grapesmanship.
These are the famous
Lanzarote grape fields.
Our grapes.
people grow everything
inside the volcanic sand pits.
My. my. How exotic.
Whoops!
Here is where they turn
the grapes into the finest
of juices.
Here. have a sample.
Your Majesty.
Here you go. Enjoy.
Oops. I guess I spilled it.
Oh. that's okay.
I have another.
Ha!
[grunts]
Ow.
[growls]
[grunts]
[Sylvester] Ow.
[screams]
Ooh.
[groans]
Garcon.
another juice cup. please.
Sorry. mister.
We're all out of cups.
Ahhh!
Phew.
Oh. well. What's next. puppy?
Uh...
Sharkrobatics!
So this is another thing
all Canary Island
kings and queens do?
Indeed. it is.
Sharkrobatics is very much
a real thing...
and not a perilous stunt
I made up solely
for the purpose
of putting you in danger.
Whoo!
Now it can get
really reflective
on the water out there.
so I'm going to apply
this cream onto your body.
It's most definitely sunscreen
and not anchovy paste.
a delicious treat
that all sharks love.
There you go.
I can feel
the sun protection factor
seeping into my pores.
All right. let's go.
Push.
[chuckles maliciously]
Wee!
Ahh! [grunts]
[laughing]
Whoa!
Whoo-hoo! [laughing]
[Sylvester] Whoa!
[grunts]
Oh. hey. Puddy Tat.
You here for some
tandem ski action?
[growls]
Get ready
for a real stunt spectacular.
you two.
Cha-chung!
Huzzah!
[Tweety] Whoo-hoo!
[Sylvester] Ahhh! Ahhh!
[Sylvester screams]
Whoo-hoo! [laughing]
[groans]
Huh?
[buoys dinging]
[screams. huffs]
[whimpering]
[grunts]
Wee!
-[shark belches]
-[Sylvester groans]
Got you this time. [laughs]
Hmm? [groans] I can't see.
[Diego] Ahhh!
[all scream]
[thuds]
Hurray!
Hurray.
[groans]
It's night time.
[snoring]
I can't let Diego and his goons
hurt Tweety.
Maybe if I get
some photo evidence.
everyone will finally
believe me.
It's time to go...
Undercover.
undercover. undercover.
[Diego muttering in distance]
Undercover?
[indiscernible]
[gasps]
Oh. phew.
Hmm.
[indistinct conversation]
Ugh. I can't tell
what they're saying.
I'm gonna have
to get extra sneaky.
Cat reflexes. engage.
[huffs]
So Green Bean. you came up
with this cake recipe
all by yourself?
Mmm-hmm.
Hmm.
Well. I think
it's fan-taste-ic.
[chuckles]
Mmm.
Yes. the cake is lovely.
but I'm still frustrated.
None of my treacherous
"accidents" are working.
I thought we would have
gotten rid of the King by now.
But his doofus cat brother
keeps messing everything up.
"Doofus cat brother"?
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Diego] Hmm.
Anyways. we're going to have
to resort to Plan B.
I just don't know exactly
what Plan B is yet.
Well. Green Bean and I had
a good idea. Check it out.
Normal-looking bird seed cone.
right?
But then... bam! Knife.
I feel like people will notice
you know.
the very conspicuous knife.
[gasps]
[growling]
[mimics gurgling]
Here. perhaps we should return
to our evil plan board.
[gasps] Evil plan board?
Now. let's see here.
Undercover evidence.
What if you use like.
a slingshot?
Like. a really big slingshot.
With a knife in it?
I gotta document this.
[Diego] Have we tried
dropping a brick on him?
I mean. he is little.
I feel like we could probably
just drop a brick on him.
[all] Hmm?
Bizarre. Hmm.
It may not be very original.
but we could do
some sort of
bird seed dynamite thing.
Jackpot. I can show this
to the other guards
and Tweety will be safe.
Hey. Puddy Tat. Whatcha up to?
Ahhh!
Huh? Cat spy.
Guards! Eat his camera.
Oh. no. you don't. cat.
[Tweety] Hello.
[Diego gasps] The King.
[giggles]
Well. well. well.
Here I was. trying to come up
with a sneaky way
to dispose of the King.
and you've delivered him
right into my hands in secret
with no members of the public
around to see.
[laughs]
[Tweety giggles]
And here I thought you were
some sort of useless bing-bong.
always getting in my way.
Uh...
This works out perfectly.
Phase one.
I'll get rid of His Highness.
Then I'll put all the blame
on you.
After all. no one's going
to believe anything you say.
You're a cat.
Phase two.
The Royal Adviser. who is me.
will be next in line
for the throne.
Magic.
[huffs]
I'll be sworn in
as the rightful king
of the Canary Islands.
and everyone will be
none the wiser.
Phase three.
The lovely Granny
will be so distraught
at the destruction
of your family.
she'll run straight
into my arms for comfort.
and I'll become your step-dad.
[laughs maliciously]
[gasps]
I'm not a fan
of any of these phases.
We're not gonna
let you get away
with all this treacherosity.
Diego.
Yeah.
[Sylvester grunts]
[laughs] We'll see about that.
[clears throat]
[high-pitched] Yes.
Hello? Police station?
I need to report a regicide.
A cat has eaten King Tweety.
Please send
your most intimidating officers
posthaste.
It's been nice knowing you.
Puddy Tat.
Izza. Green Bean.
to our super-secret
base location.
Ha-ha!
Puddy Tat. help!
Magic!
Uh... Different magic.
Ahhh!
[panting]
[groans]
[shrieks]
[huffing]
[sobs] Tweety.
[whimpers]
Freeze. cat boy.
Huh?
Canary Island PD.
Officers Gnutz and Siedes
reporting for duty.
We got an anonymous tip
that the King's been eaten.
[groans]
-J'accuse!
-Put him in the bird cuff.
Huh? No.
No. Officers.
You've got the wrong guy.
[gasps] Sylvester.
what's going on?
This suspicious individual
ate the King. ma'am.
Sylvester. did you eat Tweety?
No! You've got it all wrong.
That's enough out of you.
bird-erer!
We're taking you downtown.
Granny! I didn't do it.
It was Diego.
You gotta believe me. Ooh.
Oh. my!
[grunting]
[panting]
Oh. hey. you're finally awake.
[gasps] Queen Aoogah.
You're alive?
Well. I mean. more or less.
yeah.
Wait. Who are you?
The name's Tweety Bird.
They bought me here
after you disappeared.
I'm the new king.
Hmm.
New king. huh?
So you're a royal canary. too?
I thought I was
the only one left.
I guess that would make us...
cousins?
You're my cousin?
Wow.
-Cousin poses. quick!
-[both] Hoo-ha-hoo!
Family.
Well. okay.
now that we're both here.
maybe we can find a way
to get out of this place.
Two comically-oversized heads
are better than one.
Yeah. that's very true.
Speaking of birdnapping.
How have you been staying
alive here this whole time?
Well. luckily for me. Diego
didn't realize he put the cage
right next to a giant bag
of mixed nuts.
He's an idiot.
And I've been
keeping myself sane
by reading this discarded.
slightly damp
New York travel guide.
Such a strange. exotic land.
The hustle. The bustle.
So intriguing.
Hey. that's where I'm from.
Whoa! No way.
You're from here?
Oh. you've got to tell me
all about it.
I have so many questions.
Okay. Like. for instance.
who is this giant woman?
I mean. she's gorgeous.
and I love how green she is.
Oh. yeah. New York's got
an incalculable array
of wonderful elements.
We've got hot dog men.
Yellow beepie cars.
A rat that steals a pizza.
And the subway.
where if you make eye contact
with someone.
you get to fight them.
How convenient that we had
this tiny slide projector here.
Oh. I must visit this place.
But the best part
of New York City
is that I get to visit
all those fun places
with my family.
Your family? Elaborate.
Well. I have my Granny
and my big brother. Puddy Tat.
Interesting names.
Interesting people.
They're the greatest.
We do everything together.
Although. I haven't gotten
to spend a lot of time
with them
since I've become king.
I've been far too busy.
I'm really starting
to miss them.
Aw. Granny and Puddy Tat
sound really great.
You know. I've never met
any of my family.
My mom disappeared
before I hatched out of my egg.
It's always been just me.
Well. now you have me.
and Granny and Puddy Tat. too.
Welcome to the family. cousin.
Aw. Thanks. cousin.
[laughing]
Oh. what a lovely little
family reunion.
Boo.
Ahhh!
Hey. let us out of here.
you butt nut!
Mind your manners.
Don't peanut me.
Tweety.
throw the tiny projector
at him.
Hi-yah!
Stop!
Puppy. how could you?
I thought you were my friend.
We had that whole
dress-up montage together.
You helped put on underwear.
Sorry. lad. It was all a ruse.
I'm a bad guy.
I have to get you both
out of my way
if I'm going to become...
King.
Ugh. Diego. this is incredibly
whack of you.
Sticks and stones. young lady.
I'm going to be
the most glamorous
and popular king
this island's ever seen.
Everyone will cheer.
"Oh. what a handsome
and wonderful king we have.
Hurrah. hurray!"
And the lovely Granny
will be my bride.
[kisses]
No!
Why are you doing this. puppy?
Because it's my birthright.
That's why.
Uh. birth-what now?
Centuries ago.
we dogs arrived here
and we were like.
"Hey. This is a nice place.
Let's make it ours."
When we got here.
there were a bunch of birds
all over the place.
taking up space.
So we tried bonking them
with our swords.
and chasing them away.
But then.
the treacherous native birds.
led by your family. were like.
"No!"
And fought back against us.
It was extremely rude.
The other dogs were cool
with it. but not me.
A dog is supposed
to be in charge.
and we were here first.
That day. I vowed I would be
the one to set things right
and return the monarchy
to the canines.
Okay. first off. your story
specifically mentions
that there were natives here.
So you were. in fact.
not here first.
And B. how are you
in that flashback?
That was hundreds of years ago.
What are you. like.
immortal or something?
Yeah. I'm a sorcerer.
Of course I'm immortal.
-What?
-I made an immortality potion.
But then I lost the recipe
because the recipe card
blew out of my hand
and fell into the ocean.
It was this whole big to-do.
But that's not the point.
Immortality is nothing
without power.
So I've been trying
to get my hands on the crown
ever since.
Who do you think
has been behind
the mysterious disappearances
of every single one
of the Canary rulers?
What? No.
General Chirp may have been
a master of martial matters.
but they were no match
for my arcane magic.
King Peep? I switched
his dumb baking soda volcano
out for a real one.
Ahhh!
Larry Bird.
I put a rock in his shoe.
Ow. My foot.
Now I have to retire.
And Queen Hawk...
I snowballed her.
Oh. no! Ahhh!
Every canary disappearance
in the last seven centuries
is all because of me. baby.
Which is how I was able
to collect all of these.
Ha ha ha!
[both gasp]
A tail-feather
for every monarch I've deposed.
I personally prefer
collecting stamps.
but to each their own.
You know that idea
that our feathers
have magical powers
is just a myth. right?
That's where you're wrong.
little miss. Watch this.
[chanting]
Ha ha!
Well. that was anti-climactic.
All that pomp and circumstance
for a dumb feather boa?
It's not dumb.
A properly-made boa
can give you up to
300 times more power.
[gasps] That's almost
400 times more power.
Plus. look how snazzy I look.
Ooh.
Man. you look whack as heck.
No. I don't. I look cool.
And glamorous. And not whack.
I'm what the kids call "minty."
Ooh.
Magic.
Get my ancestors off your neck.
you bungus!
With no more canaries left
after I kidnapped you.
I was perfectly set to swoop in
and become the new king.
But then this little dingle
showed up and threw a wrench
in my plans.
[giggles]
But ultimately.
it was to my benefit.
Since now I can take
your feathers
and finally complete my boa.
and fulfill my maximum
magical potential.
which is even better.
[laughs]
You're welcome.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I have a fancy boy
coronation to prepare for.
Smoke magic!
Bye. puppy.
Ugh. what a dweeb.
Don't worry. Aoogah.
My brother's out there.
And I'm sure he'll be here
to save us any minute now.
Alright cat. what did you do
with King Tweety
[Muffled. unintelligible
speech]
Mmm-hmm. mmm-hmm.
Ugh. I can't understand a word
he's saying with that cone on.
[muffled speech]
What I was trying to say.
officers. is that I didn't do
anything! I'm innocent!
We found you in the castle.
surrounded by
the King's feathers
with him nowhere to
be found! Explain yourself!
I bet he ate King Tweety. And
I bet he ate Queen Aoogah. too!
What! I'd never eat Tweety!
And I couldn't have even
possibly eaten Aoogah.
She disappeared like a month
before I even got here!
You've got me all wrong!
I'd never hurt a bird!
You'd never hurt a bird. eh?
Then what do you have to
say about these?
Uhh... These?
Look familiar. pussycat?
Uh. okay. those are all
a bit out of context.
Is that you in the bath?
Uhh... Ha ha! No.
Listen!
Diego von Schniffenstein.
the Royal Advisor. he kidnapped
him! He's framing me!
I dunno. Sounds like fake news
to me.
Tweety's in danger! You have to
let me go save my brother!
A bird and a cat
can't be brothers.
They can. and we are!
Come on! Just admit
that you kidnapped the King.
and we'll let you go...
to jail for the rest of
your life.
I'm not going to admit to
anything. because I didn't
do anything!
Fine. We have ways
of making you talk.
♪ Meow. meow
Meow. meow. meow
Treats for cats ♪
Aagh! Why do you guys have
this song?
It's the first track
on our state-issued
interrogation compilation!
Tell us where the King is!
I don't know.
Aaagh!
Aaah!
[all screaming]
Please stop bird-yelling at me!
I've told you! Diego took
Tweety. not me!
You have to let me out of here
so we can all look for him!
Aaah! He's trying to attack us!
Put him in the iron torso.
Ugh. This isn't going anywhere.
Throw him in the De Laurentiis
budgie prison!
-Maybe a night in the brig will
get you to tell the truth!
-Oh! I love that show!
Ughh.
Stupid metal shirt...
Sufferin' succotash... What am
I gonna do?
Tweety needs my help.
and I'm stuck in here
like some goobus.
I'm sorry I couldn't protect
you. buddy.
And I'm sorry I've always
tried to. you know. eat you.
As much as I liked the
high life. the castle.
the fancy parties.
I'd trade it all in a heartbeat
just to know that you're okay.
You are my brother. after all.
[Granny] Yoo-hoo. kitty cat!
Huh?
Granny?
Sylvester. I know you're
innocent! Look! I found this!
Also. I know you'd
never try to eat Tweety.
Oh! Of course! No. uh... never!
Now. come on!
I'm busting you outta here!
Vroom-vroom!
Gah!
Hop on. Sylvester! Let's scoot!
Are you sure you know how to
ride that thing. Granny?
Oh. I think.
I've got the hang of it!
[sighs] All right.
my life is in your hands.
That's the spirit! Now.
let's go save our boy!
Ha-ha!
Ahh!
♪ Meow. meow
Meow. meow. meow
Treats for cats ♪
[vocalizes]
♪ Treats for cats ♪
[alarm blaring]
-Huh? The cat! He's escaped
-To the police cruisers!
[both laughing]
[tweeting]
So. any idea where Diego took
Tweety?
I was hoping you knew!
I guess we're going to have to
comb the whole island. then!
[siren wailing]
Attention. cat!
Pull over so we can
throw you back in jail.
You're making us look bad.
Ugh! The popo! Always getting
all up in my biz!
Siedes. Taze 'em!
Bang!
Whoo! These two really have our
number! I don't know how long
I can keep them off our tail!
[groans]
Mr. 39th President.
I don't know what else to do!
We need to find Tweety.
and fast! Please!
He's my family!
Uhhh... huh. Okay...
Granny! Follow that feather!
You got it! Woo!
Woo-hoo!
Deploy the police barricade!
Granny! Watch out!
No barricade's stoppin' us!
Check this out!
[Granny whooping]
Ow! Ow! Ow!
Ha-ha!
All right! I've placed my
priceless vase in its new
pedestal.
I put my baby to sleep.
and I finally finished building
my intricate and very fragile
toothpick statue of David!
Now I can finally relax!
Gah!
Waah!
That ship must be where they've
taken Tweety!
But there are no streets
out there! That's the ocean!
Streets? Where we're headed.
we don't happen
to require streets.
Did someone order
a giant cheese?
Woo!
[Sylvester screaming]
Oh! You really are good!
We're comin' for ya.
Tweety! Woo!
So. my theory is. I don't think
he actually wanted the girl.
He wanted Jesse.
He wanted to be Jessie's girl.
But then he got nervous at
the last minute and changed
the song because he was
worried people would tease him.
But he's not fooling anybody.
I mean. you never even mention
this girl's name. and then you
spend the whole song
singing about your boy Jesse.
and what he's up to? Like. we
all know what's up. man.
Stop being such a coward
and tell Jesse your feelings!
Huh?
Ugh. You've gotta be
kidding me.
We switched out our ostriches
for penguins! Pretty cool. huh?
Ugh.
All right Sylvester. you ready?
I'm gonna launch you onto
the boat so you can rescue
Tweety.
Wait. whaddaya mean "launch"?
Okay! One. two. three. go!
[screaming]
Good luck. boy-o!
Ohh... Sufferin' succotash.
Oh! Uh...
good evening. ladies...
Bark! Bark!
Oof! Uhh!
Aah!
Hyah!
Swish! Swash! Sword!
Hm?
Aah!
Hey. I'm free! Aah!
Throw! Toss!
Aagh!
[laughing]
Huh?
[barking]
Grr!
Aah!
[barking]
Chomp!
[roars]
Aagh!
Aah!
[screeches]
Aaroo!
Whew!
Ha-ha! Oooo-woooh... Ha-ha!
[both shouting]
[continues shouting] Huh?
Tweety!
Puddy Tat!
Wait! Your brother is a cat?
Wait! Queen Aoogah is alive?
-Huh?
We'll explain later!
Just get us outta here!
You've saved us! Puddy Tat.
this is Aoogah! Aoogah.
this is my brother. Puddy Tat!
My name's actually "Sylvester."
He's never once
said it correctly.
Nice to meet you! I guess
I'm your new cousin?
Swell. swell. very weird.
welcome to the family!
Now come on.
let's get out of here!
Hey!
Where do you chumps think
you're going?
Uh... out?
Come on. Puppy. just let us go!
We'll be cool!
No way! I'm not going to let
you dum-dums ruin my chance
to become king!
Feather boa... Activate!
[laughs]
Ooh. Big dog.
Check me out!
I'm fresh to death!
Your death. that is!
Magic!
[shouting]
How are we supposed
to beat that?
I got this!
[laughs]
[sneezes]
[grunts]
Ha-ha. you like this?
A little trick...
Behind the back... Hyah!
Magic!
Hey! Don't pull my pants down!
Stop!
Hey. come on! Stop! No! Shoo!
Huh?
Magic!
Give it up. you clods!
I'm the king now!
Tee-hee!
Huh? Ugh. Magic!
Magic! Magic! Magic! Magic!
[laughs] Huh?
Gotcha now! Magic!
♪ Doo-dah ♪
Oooh! A callback!
Bark.
Aoogah!
Heh! Magic!
Huh. The net seemed
a lot bigger from up here.
Magic!
Hyah!
[groaning]
Magic!
[laughing] I'm invincible!
How are we supposed to
beat this guy?
Nothing we're doing is even
putting a dent in him!
[laughing]
[giggling]
Tickle-tickle-tickle!
Stop!
That's it!
Tweety!
Huh?
The feathers! They're the
source of all his power!
We don't have to beat Diego...
We just have to get to his boa!
[laughing]
We just gotta find a way to
distract him long enough
to get to it.
You two go. I got this!
Puddy Tat...
Hmm!
[both] Brothers!
Hey! Diego!
[laughing] Huh?
Your boa...
makes you look stupid!
How dare you! I look beautiful!
Magic!
Neigh.
[laughing]
Huh? Hey!
What are you doing?
No. no! Stop!
My boa!
Oh. no! My magic! No. no. no!
General Chirp!
King Peep!
Hey. guys.
Larry Bird!
[Tweety] First Lady
Lady Bird Johnson!
Where families bloom.
so does hope!
[Aoogah] Charlie "Bird" Parker!
I play the saxophone!
Of course. you do!
All the kids know who you are.
Charlie "Bird" Parker!
How does this family have
so many human beings in it?
[laughing]
Mom?
Hey. sweetie!
You're all doing great!
Uh... is that a cat?
Hi.
Wow! Looks like we've got
a real family reunion
on our hands!
Here. let's give you
kids a boost!
Wait. Larry. where did you get
a feather from?
Don't ask.
Join in. Sylvester!
You're family too!
Hey. puppy! You've made a fatal
miscalculation! Your magic may
be neat and all.
but it's nothing compared to
the bond between a family!
Whether it's by blood...
-Or by love...
-When we come together.
we're...
[all] 3.000 times
more powerful!
Whoa. Weird.
The power of family has
transformed us!
I get to share an ascended
form with Puddy Tat.
This is a dream come true!
[kisses]
Please don't kiss me in front
of all your ancestors.
Uh. guys. is this my arm.
or your arm. or what?
Limb check!
Arms! Legs! Heads! Butts!
Cha!
Funky fresh new body or not.
the three of you
aren't stopping me!
No. but our family will!
Magic!
[laughing]
-Huh?
-Guess who!
Honk. honk! Coming through!
[screams]
Hey. Diego! Think fast!
Huh?
Wheee!
[screams]
[playing]
[groaning]
Boo! Hee-yaah!
Oh. no!
Mommy! Aah!
[bursting]
Oooh! Aah!
[groans]
Beep-beep!
Hey! Stop.
you weird little disc!
Ugh. sufferin' succotash.
Did we win?
Hm?
Bye-bye. Bird family!
See y'all later!
Well. it's time for us to head
off now. Goodbye...
Mom. wait!
Will I ever see you again?
Oh. I mean. I'm free most
Thursdays. Does that work?
Oh. yeah. sure. I'm available.
Goodbye...
Bye. ancestors. See you later!
Bye!
Well. this has certainly
been a day.
Woo! Yeah!
Your Highness!
You're all right!
Oh. we were so worried!
Aww. yeah! Let's party!
[vocalizes]
[Granny] Boys!
Huh?
You did it! Ha ha!
Couldn't have done it without
you. Granny!
[spits]
Whoo! That was nuts!
Oof!
I think we need
a new job!
Aw. yeah! Let's do it!
Well. being king is sweet
and all. but it's too much
stress for me!
Kidnapping? Battles?
Scary magic man?
No. thanks! I've had enough!
Yeah. living in royal luxury is
nice and all. but what I really
want is a nice quiet life
in New York with my family!
Agreed! I have had my fill of
extreme vacation action!
I'm ready to go home
and relax with my boys!
Yeah!
What are you going to do.
Aoogah?
Well. I'm excited to get back
to taking care of all of these
fine people...
-Go! Go! Go! Go! Yeah!
-Flexibility!
But to be honest. all this
drama has really wiped me out.
I need a vacation!
I think we can do something
about that!
[all laughing]
[funky instrumental music
playing]